[Doc] Move README to CLI (#101)
ASUS-AICS/LibMultiLabel: docs/cli/nn.rst

Training, Prediction, and Hyperparameter Search for Neural Networks
===================================================================

> Training

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Training and (Optional) Prediction
```
as this part can do prediction as well

.. code-block:: bash

    python3 main.py --config CONFIG_PATH \
                    [--load_checkpoint CHECKPOINT_PATH] \
                    [--embed_file EMBED_NAME_OR_EMBED_PATH] \
                    [--vocab_file VOCAB_CSV_PATH]

- **config**: configure parameters in a yaml file. See ``python3 main.py --help``.

If a model was trained before by this package, the training procedure can start with it.

- **load_checkpoint**: specify the path to a pre-trained model.

To use your own word embeddings or vocabulary set, specify the following parameters:

- **embed_file**: choose one of the pretrained embeddings defined in `torchtext <https://pytorch.org/text/0.9.0/vocab.html#torchtext.vocab.Vocab.load_vectors>`_ or specify the path to your word embeddings with each line containing a word followed by its vectors. Example:

.. code-block::

    the 0.04656 0.21318 -0.0074364 ...
    a -0.29712 0.094049 -0.096662 ...
    an -0.3206 0.43316 -0.086867 ...

- **vocab_file**: set the file path to a predefined vocabulary set that contains lines of words.

.. code-block::

    the
    a
    an

> For the validation process in the training procedure, you can evaluate the model with a set of evaluation metrics. Set ``monitor_metrics`` to define what you want to print on the screen. The argument ``val_metric`` is the metric for picking the best model. Example:

Reviewer: The model occurred at the epoch with the best validation metric is returned after training. If  users did not specify a validation set in the configuration file or via --??, we ?? (mention the 80-20 split?)

- **load_checkpoint**: specify the path to a pre-trained model.

To use your own word embeddings or vocabulary set, specify the following parameters:

- **embed_file**: choose one of the pretrained embeddings defined in `torchtext <https://pytorch.org/text/0.9.0/vocab.html#torchtext.vocab.Vocab.load_vectors>`_ or specify the path to your word embeddings with each line containing a word followed by its vectors. Example:

.. code-block::

    the 0.04656 0.21318 -0.0074364 ...
    a -0.29712 0.094049 -0.096662 ...
    an -0.3206 0.43316 -0.086867 ...

- **vocab_file**: set the file path to a predefined vocabulary set that contains lines of words.

.. code-block::

    the
    a
    an

For validation, you can evaluate the model with a set of evaluation metrics.
Set ``monitor_metrics`` to define what you want to print on the screen.
The argument ``val_metric`` is the metric for selecting the best model.
Namely, the model occurred at the epoch with the best validation metric is returned after training.
If you do not specify a validation set in the configuration file via ``val_path`` or training-validation split ratio via ``val_size``,

> we will split the training data into training and validation set with an 80-20 split.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
we will split the training data into training and validation set with an 80-20 split. Example lines in a configuration file:
```

.. code-block:: yaml

    monitor_metrics: [P@1, P@3, P@5]
    val_metric: P@1

> If ``test_path`` is specified or ``DATA_DIR/test.txt`` exists, the model with the highest ``val_metric`` will be evaluated after training.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If ``test_path`` is specified or ``DATA_DIR/test.txt`` exists, the model with the highest ``val_metric`` will be used to predict the test set.
```
